hi guys so this is a video that i did
with four other moms here on youtube and
to see what they made a stay tuned until
the end and if you want to learn how to
make these delicious robin s cupcakes
then keep watching hi guys so today I'm
going to show you how to make Robin nest
cupcakes and what you're going to need
is a muffin tin you're gonna need some
liners I just got these pastel ones from
walmart and you're just going to line
those up there and then you're gonna
need some a chocolate frosting and I got
some party rainbow chip birthday cake
cake mix you can use any kind of cake
mix that you want chocolate vanilla
whatever you like and then you're going
to need a little bag for piping and
drawer Robin eggs that you're going to
put in your little nest so the first
thing I'm going to do is preheat my oven
to 350 degrees or whatever it says on
the back of your cake mix box so now
you're going to start making your cake
mix you're just gonna want to follow the
directions on the back you can also make
almond cake if you want but this one
calls for one cup of water
half cup of vegetable oil and three eggs
now I'm just going to add in my cake mix
and mix that and tell us all combined
now I'm going to add it into my cupcake
liners
okay so when they are all been you're
going to take them out of the oven and
you're going to check them with a
toothpick to make sure that they are all
done and then you're going to want to
let them cool completely before frosting
them otherwise the frosting will get all
runny and go all over the place so now
I'm going to let them cool for 5 to 10
minutes before i start frosting
now you're going to take your piping bag
I just have a ziplock bag here except
all I have you're going to cut a small
tip in one of the corners and then push
your piping tip in there if you have one
you don't absolutely have to happen but
I'm going to use it just like that and
then you got to start putting frosting
and in it to your bag
okay so here's what my cupcake looks
with its frosting and I'm gonna put
three little Robin eggs right and the
middle and I try to do three different
color so it looked better but yeah now
we have our little Robin nest cupcake I
think they look so cute so now I'm going
to do the rest of them
alright so we are all done with our
little Robinette nest cupcakes and I
think they turned out so cute like look
at the little eggs and the frosting and
I think they look adorable I love them
so let me know if you guys decide to
make these it's super easy used to treat
that you can do with your kids and it's
super yummy so I hope you guys enjoyed
and I'll talk to you later bye
hi guys le sigh a whole say hi
everyone sorry it is Ashley I and my
channel is join the Texans I am gonna be
showing you guys how to make these super
cute deviled egg Easter treats and it's
sorting out my auto truck and pomazan
did you guys I'm Haley from helium
family so our channel you're gonna see
how to disease adorable little easter
egg crafts so come check it out hi guys
my name is rachel i am from rachel
babies and today on my channel we are
making bunny puppets with my
four-year-old daughter and also a little
activity you can do with your kids kind
of a learning activity with the puppets
after that hey guys my name is Bonnie
and my channel is Harris family journey
and I'm gonna be showing you how to make
these adorable cupcakes for the hidden
surprise